The IPTV provider is a service widely used in most modern homes, and it is a service that brings a wealth of digital TV content around the world. However, with smart applications, IPTV can now be used on wireless devices, such as phones and similar devices. One such application is the OTT Navigator IPTV, which was developed to offer the user absolute flexibility. Through the app, they can watch any content their IPTV has to offer and don’t need to bother about fighting siblings to watch their favorite shows.

SIMPLE AND INTUITIVE INTERFACE
OTT Navigator IPTV is designed to give users more interaction than using a TV, and at the same time, comes with a beautiful, refined, and stylish design. The user’s interaction is also much improved, and the application will automatically update all the programs that the user’s IPTV offers. The main screen can easily select their favorite TV channels, enjoy their programs, and watch in many different windows. The application’s capabilities are beyond expectation, becoming one of the most potential applications for users to enjoy their favorite shows anytime, anywhere.

ARCHIVE YOUR FAVORITE SHOW
Many IPTV services may or may not offer recording and archive features so that users may miss out on much favorite content for busy or other reasons. However, OTT Navigator IPTV has an archive feature, which allows users to record any program they love anytime, anywhere, and automatically save it to a special folder for easy interaction. The recorder can be pre-installed, and users can search any of the channels to install the archive feature. All programs come with a small menu next to them, and users can interact with them so that the application will automatically archive in the future without notice to the user.

BROWSE AND SEARCH FOR YOUR FAVORITE CONTENT
Each IPTV has a different amount of content, and users will have an endless source of entertainment provided by different channels. Therefore, the application supports a smart channel filter, a useful feature that helps users filter suitable channels for themselves. Furthermore, users can group filters and automatically add favorite channels to special folders for future reference. The flexibility comes from the filtering engine that allows the user to stay entertained with their favorite genres. The app even comes with a discovery feature that expands the user’s discovery. Through that, the attractive or widely-liked content will be the top priority and entice the audience with their items or surprise elements.

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE SHOW OR MOVIE IN MULTI-WINDOWS
OTT Navigator IPTV will introduce a feature that allows users to view various contents in mini-windows. It is a nifty feature that allows users to view more than 2 different programs in customizable windows, regardless of content such as drama, movie, show, etc. What’s impressive is that users can set subtitles or disable the audio of any program they love with just simple hand gestures. Even though the app allows viewing in multiple windows, the sound system cannot be harmonized with each other. That gives users a more focused and enjoyable experience while enjoying their favorite content.

If you want to carry an entire TV with you anytime, anywhere, or do not want to fight with your family to win the TV, the OTT Navigator IPTV will be the perfect choice for you. It will be a close friend for you to enjoy all your favorite content.

Source from: moddroid.co
